This is a test document for practicing typing. After this, I will watch a video 
or read about how to write html and css more efficiently.

My plan for today is to:
	-Watch at least 2 videos
	
	-Become efficient at writing code
		Practice typing, learn tips and tricks to typing html and others...
		Learn not just typing, but efficient responsive design.
		
	-Learn to use bootstrap to create a stunning website.
		Hopefully all tutorials are using bootstrap 3. I think the last one was. 
		I have to learn all the differences between bootstrap 3 and bootstrap 2.3.2
			This should include reading the two documents
			So far I know that row-fluid can just be 'row' now because responsive
				design is always enabled and must be manually disabled.
			I have to learn more than just what I used at Veriday. Bootstrap 3 is 
				closer to whatever the future holds than b2.3.2
	
	-My plan is to eventually create a multi-page live website that requires a backend
		that way I can use Java services and webservices and an ORM (Object Relational Mapping)
		to make SQL queries and changes to the database. This jump may be complicated but it is
		the most applicable to the job and the most useful for resume
		
	I want to be the best frontend web developer that I know. When I meet someone better I want
		to absorb their skill just by inspecting their website once. I want to be able to devour
		their souls just using clinet-side operations. I want to be able to subtly prod at their
		guts with my knowledge of the inner workings of their backend and google's console commands.
		I will simultaneously rule their domain and their DOM. No amount of success, no challenge, no 
		problem will be "out-of-scope" for me. They will bow their sorry asses down to me and kneel
		whenever I say this.bow because my commands will mean everything to their bum life. I will
		not stop until I have inspected every element. Enabled every previously-disabled button, and
		injected every ounce of SQL possible, even the ones that they felt were safe. And when I am done,
		when I am on my deathbed (the iron throne with built-in IOT -internet of things- capabilities), 
		I will weep, for there will be no more worlds to conquer.
		
		
Here I go...


JRE Fast Typing Practice
Fight Companion- Jan29

Brendan Schaub and I know all of the damn results.
I'm the only one??
Jimmy Burke is here. Eddie Bravo, Bryan Schaub...
This is the first time we have a recording and we will be enjoying it in the moment.
But we can't really play it. We don't want to watch all this pre-game bullshit.
Fast forwarding through "John Anik"
So the first fight is Alex Caceres vs Jason Knight
This is like kinda a sleeper of a fight.
Right now they're showing the side by side comparisons. Tale of the tape.
How come they stopped measuring legs?
Joe Silva is the reason that Hey Mickey got on the broadcast.
Dana White goes through all the walkout songs before the fight. He shot one of mine (Brendan's)
	down the night before.
The difference is Alex's strikes come at different angles, and they're creative. But Yair's has that deadly quality.
Those are Jet Li kicks that he's doing
He is an older guy. Before that he got outworked by Frankie Edgar. It was almost like
	everything was tailor-made for Yair Rodriguez.
I think the days of just coming out and throwing a leg kick every once in a while are done. People
	should start doing a Sunday Tae Kwon Do class to try to emulate Yair.
Raymond Daniels is a wild MOFO
You gotta do both. Have a mixture
We have to see Yair against a guy with a super low-kick fundamental game.
Technique-wise on fundamentels Valtelini is on another level in terms of kickboxing.
You could do wild sh*t in kickboxing because there's no threat of getting knocked down
Eddie, I think the reason these kicks work is because people aren't training them. If
	everybody was throwing them with their training partners, it wouldn't work
If in an alternate dimension, if there was a rematch with BJ, pulling guard might be an option
Watch Paul Sass. He shoots, they sprawl, then boom.
BJ would never tap anybody off his back. He would always sweep them, take mount, take the back...
He pulled [Nogueira] and he swept, passed and...
Knight got a body-lock on Caceres - The guy is a specialist in the body triangle.
"I really want to do a study on what kind of damage happpens when you elbow someone in the back of the head"
<h1> This is the header </h1>
On the chin, you can't finish it with a straight gable grip. You need a full RNC. If you are deep
	under the chin, you can get away with it.
When you take the body triangle and you extend the other foot to butterfly the leg, why?
	The instep is locked and the butterfly is used to control the leg. If you lift it, it takes
	away his mobility and it's another thing to deal with. It keeps the angle and on the good side for
	the person on the back.
There's this thing where ballerinas put their foot in to make their foot parallel to the shin-bone
Jason Knight wants a scrap with the Korean Superboy- Doo Ho Choi. That would be pretty sweet
Trump's president and we've got a white runningback that's killing it.

That Germaine de Randamie is undefeated in Muay Thai. Holly's gonna strike with her.
Holly loses this one- three in a row... How we gonna sell that?
It's crazy how this sport just chews people out.
Floyd vs McGregor is happening??


I hated what the fight was about but I loved the fight. The dynamic between them was different
	than every other fight.
The only goal that he [McGregor] could have is find a backdoor hack.
Tim did that whole show where he did a bunch of things and learned them quickly. Good luck doing
	that with Jiu Jitsu. A guy who's been rolling for 10 years could get drunk, stay up all night,
	show up drunk and still have his way with the person rolling for 4 months.
What Floyd does is minimize any potential of getting hit. That's why you can't beat him unless there's
	a crazy method that has not been found yet.
And as it goes on, if McGregor becomes predictable in any way, Floyd will start to dominate.
Have to move away from Floyd and be different every round. Do muay thai trips and make him think.
It would be nice if they changed it so that they were boxing in smaller gloves because Conor is giving 
	up so much, but Floyd is not in the business of throwing gimmes to anyone.

I don't say anyone is the "next best thing" until we see them with <Cain_Velasquez>
Man, Arlovski's only 47. He's running at him and throwing punches.
"Who wants to be the guy to tell him to stop with the lightning bolts in the hair"
Francis <Ngannou> reads the overhand right. He slipped it.
It is so important that a referee knows how hard a guy hits. Nobody is complaining about this stoppage.
Arlovski's prime was when he was in his 20's. Now you can see the wear-and-tear in his shoulders.
<Fedor> vs <Mitrione> is coming up in 2 weeks
The commission turned Fedor's win to No Contest vs Fabio Emaldonato
They're bringing in all sorts of olympic-level athletes to train with <Ngannou>





Bootstrap responsive layout video

Move right into bootstrap. Here he goes over how to get bootstrap
Use the CDN such that you put links in the head and scripts at the bottom of the body.
This is because style sheets should load first and scripts (for speed) should go last.

Start with a three column layout
He does a div row and a div "darkBG" col=sn-6

This spans halfway across the screen. Because it is using 6 of the 12 spans
Responsive because it acts according to the device
darkerBG and darkestBG classes are a dark grey colour

What you can also do is with small, med, lg, xl
When we make the browser smaller, use col-sm-6, col-xs-12 so that this goes all the way across.
Container tag gives it a centered look and feel

Navbar components on website-
Just copy the whole thing into a header tag and wrap it in a container tag.
This includes links, dropdowns and a search bar. I like it better at full-width. This can be 
	done with default and not inside of a container
Take out the navbar default class
The navbar-inverse gives a slick, black look.
Copy and delete is the easiest way.
Bootstrap documentation may not be the cleares in examples. Look online
Button groups and toolbars.
I should read the entire documentation for bootstrap
Button colours- primary is blue. Danger red. Warning yellow-orange. Success- green.
Panel component is useful.

<div class="panel"> uses the same colours as btns and they resize the same as fluid divs.

I should look at how to reprogram keyboard to make < as ` and > as ~


Carousel Slider Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mvxu-oJIt1A
It is a slider with arrows on the side.
To get startedm view the template




















































